download postman collection and env from postman API (#3)
byu-oit/terraform-aws-postman-test-lambda: README.md

| Name | Type  | Description | Default |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | app_name | string | Application name to name your postman test lambda function | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| app_name | string | Application name to prefix your postman test lambda function's name | |
```
